## Introduction 	
My classmates and I coded assigned passages from “Dracula’s Guest” by Bram Stoker. Published after his death in 1914 by his wife, Florence A.L Bram Stoker, the story involves a British man getting caught in a storm and having a run in with a wolf while visiting an abandoned gravesite. In my section, the main character loses consciousness in the hailstorm and wakes up in agony to what we learn is the wolf sitting on top of him. To complete the project, we used the Text Encoding Initiative (TEI) which utilizes Extensible Markup Language (XML) to code our passages in the Oxygen software. 

## Google Doc Exercise
Before starting the coding process, my professor created Google Docs with our respective passages in them. Through the exercise, we took our professor’s list of tags to mark up our passages. Specifically, we used tags such as the paragraph tag > <p>, the note tag, and many others. The exercise was very easy and made the encoding process in Oxygen much simpler. 
  
## Coding in Oxygen
Fortunately, I have had a lot of prior experience with coding and computer science (CS). I took my first CS class junior year of high school after my friends encouraged me to. From then on, I took another CS class my 2nd year in college as a requirement to graduate. 

Despite my previous CS, I still got slightly intimidated after opening up Oxygen. I had only coded with JavaScript, HTML, and Python. However, my professor guided our class through it which made it easier to pick up. I then used my Google Doc to see where I needed to input tags.

Though I had very few problems, I did run into a challenge. Since my passage had a page break onto page 12, I had to use the page break tag. When I wrote the tag, '<pb n= “12”>,' the box that told me my code was valid went from green to red. Dozens of red lines suddenly underlined my code. Confused, I heard my professor telling another student that Oxygen did not recognize the quotes surrounding the number. To fix the problem, I used this advice and retyped the quotes. My code had turned green and I felt relieved. 

Many of us had special tags to use. For example, I was the only one in class with a section break in my passage. Unfortunately, we could not utilize the section break tag, '<div />,' due to problems in Oxygen. Instead, I used the paragraph tag to surround the section break. 

## Conclusion
I enjoyed this project and how it pushed me and my classmates to learn something new. As a seemingly universal coding experience, I ran into a challenge involving small syntax errors that threw off my whole code. Despite this, I am confident in my abilities to utilize it more in the future.
